# JS202 Lesson 2

## Assignment 5 Practice Problems: The Box Model

### Question 5

Given the code below, which of the following pairs will display side by side in
the `<div>`? Select all that apply.

1. Both elements are `block` elements.
2. Both elements are `inline` elements.
3. Both elements are `inline-block` elements.
4. One element is a `block` element, and one is an `inline` element.
5. One element is a `block` element, and one is an `inline-block` element.
6. One element is a `inline` element, and one is an `inline-block` element.

You may assume that any `inline` element has a **content** width of no more than
360 pixels. Remember, the `width` property doesn't affect `inline` elements, so
this "content width" is the actual width of the content area as determined by
your browser.

```html
<div>
  <tag1>content</tag1><tag2>content</tag2>
</div>
```

```css
div {
  background-color: lightgray;
  border: 1px solid black;
  box-sizing: content-box;
  display: inline-block;
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  width: 720px;
}

tag1, tag2 {
  box-sizing: border-box;
  height: 240px;
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  width: 360px;
}

tag1 {
  background-color: yellow;
}

tag2 {
  background-color: lime;
}
```

### Solution

1. ~~Both elements are `block` elements.~~
2. Both elements are `inline` elements.
3. Both elements are `inline-block` elements.
4. ~~One element is a `block` element, and one is an `inline` element.~~
5. ~~One element is a `block` element, and one is an `inline-block` element.~~
6. One element is a `inline` element, and one is an `inline-block` element.

If either of the elements is a `block` element, they will both be displayed on
separate lines.

The `div`'s `box-sizing` is `content-box` so its total width is its `width` plus
`padding`, `border` and `margin`. In other words, the `div`'s `width`, `720px`,
is the available width for the element's content.

If `tag1` and `tag2` has either `inline` or `inline-block` display, their
individual width will be 360 pixels or less. This less than or equal to half the
`div`'s available content width, so both elements will fit on the same line.
